# Prepare the stock market data

## What are we building?

In this module, we prepare the stocket market data and store per ticker a separate CSV file that contains the daily open, low, high, and close prices and the daily volume. 

## Dataset

In this notebook, we use the dataset generated by [Chi Zhang](https://github.com/vermouth1992/drl-portfolio-management/tree/master/src/utils/datasets). It contains the historic price of 16 target stocks from NASDAQ100, including open, close, high and low prices from 2012-08-13 to 2017-08-11. Specifically, those stocks are: “AAPL”, “ATVI”, “CMCSA”, “COST”, “CSX”, “DISH”, “EA”, “EBAY”, “FB”, “GOOGL”, “HAS”, “ILMN”, “INTC”, “MAR”, “REGN” and “SBUX”.
Dataset License

This dataset is licensed under a MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2017 Chi Zhang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### Step 1: Run Jupyter Notebook and follow the instructions in the notebook.

Please run the <b>DataPrep</b> Jupyter Notebook in the folder <b>1_Data</b> from your Amazon SageMaker Notebook instance.
